NEXT-33933 - Improved employee invitation docs (#1344)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-components/employee-management/guides/b2b-employee-invitation.md

---
nav:
  title: Employee Invitation
  position: 20
---

# Employee Invitation

> Employees can be created via storefront, administration and store-api to get an invitation email. This has to be confirmed by the employee to set a password.

Reviewer: For me this sentence was a bit akward to read. Maybe something like: 
```suggestion
Employees can be created via storefront, administration and store-api. The employee will get an invitation mail that has to be confirmed to set a password.
```

> # Employee Invitation
> 
> Employees can be created via storefront, administration and store-api. The employee will get an invitation mail that has to be confirmed to set a password.
> 
> ## Invitation via Storefront and Store-API
> 
> As a business partner, you can create and invite your employees in the storefront and via store-api. The invitation will be sent from the sales channel, you used for the creation.
> For the storefront, login as the business partner and switch to the `employee` page. In this listing you have the opportunity to add a new employee.
> In the store-api case, use the `/store-api/employee/create` endpoint as a logged in customer.
> 
> ## Invitation via Administration
> 
> As a merchant, you can create and invite the employees via administration. Select the business partner customer, switch to the `company` tab and add a new employee account in edit mode.
> Because the administration is not related to a sales channel, you can select the sales channel which is used for the invitation. This field is pre-selected and disabled if the business partner customer is bound to a sales channel.
> 
> ## The URL for the Invitation Acceptance
> 
> The employees will get an invitation email, to set a password and to fulfill the registration. This process will also activate the employee for the business partners company.
> The default URL for the acceptance is `/account/business-partner/employee/invite/%%RECOVERHASH%%`, the recovery hash is used as a unique identifier and is only valid for the invitation of one employee.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Employee Invitation

Employees can be created via Storefront, Store-api, and Administration. 

- Storefront - Business partners can invite employees by logging-in to Storefront and navigating to the `employee` page. From there, they can add a new employee.
- Store API - One can utilize the `/store-api/employee/create` endpoint while logged in as a customer to invite employees.
- Administration - Merchants can invite employees by logging in to the administration interface. Selects the business partner customer, navigates to the `company` tab, and adds a new employee account in edit mode.

The invited employee receives an invitation mail that must be confirmed to set a password.

## The URL for the invitation acceptance

Upon invitation, the employee will receive an email requiring confirmation to set a password. This process will also activate the employee for the business partners company.
The default URL for the acceptance is `/account/business-partner/employee/invite/%%RECOVERHASH%%`, the recovery hash is used as a unique identifier and is only valid for the invitation of one employee.
```
